book1: Stone Maidens 
author: Lloyd Devereux Richards 
time:November 6, 2012
description: As the chief forensic anthropologist for the FBI’s Chicago field office, Christine Prusik has worked her fair share of bizarre cases. Yet this one trumps them all: a serial killer is strangling young women and dumping their bodies in the steep, forested ravines of southern Indiana.

With each victim, the killer leaves a calling card: a stone figurine carved like the spirit stones found among the native tribes of Papua New Guinea―the same tribes Prusik worked with a decade earlier while doing field research. The personal nature of the similarity is eerie and, frankly, terrifying; Prusik still carries trauma from her time in the field.

As the dark details continue to surface, Prusik has to wonder if the connection is real or if her nightmares have finally wormed their way into her waking life.

genre: 
Publisher ‏ : ‎ Thomas & Mercer (November 6, 2012)
-----------------

book2: Things We Hide from the Light
author:  Lucy Score
description: Nash Morgan was always known as the good Morgan brother, with a smile and a wink for everyone. But now, this chief of police is recovering from being shot and his Southern charm has been overshadowed by panic attacks and nightmares. He feels like a broody shell of the man he once was. Nash isn't about to let anyone in his life know he's struggling. But his new next-door neighbor, smart and sexy Lina, sees his shadows. As a rule, she's not a fan of physical contact unless she initiates it, but for some reason Nash's touch is different. He feels it too. The physical connection between them is incendiary, grounding him and making her wonder if exploring it is worth the risk.

Too bad Lina's got secrets of her own, and if Nash finds out the real reason she's in town, he'll never forgive her. Besides, she doesn't do relationships. Ever. A hot, short-term fling with a local cop? Absolutely. Sign her up. A relationship with a man who expects her to plant roots? No freaking way. Once she gets what she's after, she has no intention of sticking around. But Knockemout has a way of getting under people's skin. And once Nash decides to make Lina his, he's not about to be dissuaded…even if it means facing the danger that nearly killed him.
Genre: 
Publisher ‏ : ‎ Bloom Books (February 21, 2023)
-------------------
Book3: From Bad to Cursed 
Author: Avery Kane 
description: Rowan Shaw thought she had life figured out until her mother died and dropped an unfortunate truth on her: the women in the Shaw family are cursed when it comes to love.
Rowan didn’t believe the story until her dating life imploded in fantastic fashion. Seriously, who knew the cops were after so many random guys in Massachusetts? Now she’s off to New Orleans to end the curse…even though part of her is convinced it can’t possibly be real.
Publisher ‏ : ‎ KissingShark Publications (September 17, 2022)
---------------------
book4: Not Your Ex's Hexes
author: April Asher 
desctiption: For her entire life, Rose Maxwell trained to become the next Prima on the Supernatural Council. Now that she’s stepped down, it’s time for this witch to focus on herself. And not think about her impulsive one-night stand with Damian Adams, a half-Demon Veterinarian who she can’t get out of her head. Neither of them is looking for a relationship. But when Rose is sentenced to community service at Damian’s animal sanctuary it becomes impossible for them to ignore their sparking attraction. A friends-with-benefits, no feelings, no strings arrangement works perfectly for them both.

After a sequence of dead-end jobs, it’s not until Rose tangos with two snarly demons that she thinks she’s finally found her path. However, this puts Damian back on the periphery of a world he thought he left behind. He doesn’t approve of Rose becoming a Hunter, but if there's one thing he's learned about the stubborn witch, it was telling her not to do something was one sure-fire way to make sure she did.

Working―and sleeping―together awakens feelings Damian never knew he had...and shouldn't have. Because thanks to his ex's hex, if he falls in love, he'll not only lose his heart―but his humanity.

Publisher ‏ : ‎ Griffin (February 7, 2023)
-------------------
book5:Threadneedle: The most anticipated fantasy debut of 2023

author: Cari Thomas
Description: Anna’s Aunt has always warned her of the dangers of magic. Its twists. Its knots. Its deadly consequences.

Now Anna counts down the days to the ceremony that will bind her magic forever.

Until she meets Effie and Attis.

They open her eyes to a London she never knew existed. A shop that sells memories. A secret library where the librarian feeds off words. A club where revellers lose themselves in a haze of spells.

But as she is swept deeper into this world, Anna begins to wonder if her Aunt was right all along.

Is her magic a gift … or a curse?

Publisher ‏ : ‎ HarperVoyager (January 31, 2023)
-------------------------
book6: The Dragon Warrior: An urban fantasy adventure
Author;  Marissa Brandt (Author)
description: Until last week, I was comfortably passing for human. Then the half-dragon warrior Tam showed up on my doorstep. He demanded my help in recovering a stolen dragon egg and yanked me out of my ordinary life. After surviving that trial together, the brash warrior has switched his allegiance to a new dragon queen... me. He's appointed himself my bodyguard and the newly-hatched baby dragon's caretaker.

But he doesn't know my deepest secret. I may be half-dragon like him, but I can't shapeshift. I'm trapped in my human form, unable to fly or do any other cool dragon things.

My shortcomings have forced me to submit to an ambitious, dangerously attractive vampire lord who wants total control over my city's supply of dragon's blood... the same blood that runs through my veins. All the supernaturals crave it. It's magically potent, allowing vampires to walk in daylight and mages to boost their powers.

If that wasn't enough trouble, I'm racing to save my kidnapped dad before it's too late. When the baby goes missing, too, Tam, my vampire boss, and I set out on a dangerous rescue operation. We're outnumbered, outgunned, and our foe will do anything for dragon's blood.

To win this fight, I'll have to figure out how to summon my inner dragon before time runs out. Or all of us will pay the ultimate price.

Publisher ‏ : ‎ Independently published (March 16, 2022)
--------------------------
book 7: Only the Lonely 
author: Amanda M. Lee
description: Isabella “Izzy” Sage spent her formative years on Belle Isle in Detroit, playing next to the gate that separates the living from the dead as her parents drew a paycheck from the grim reaper council.Then the impossible happened, tragedy struck, and Izzy found herself an orphan. Her grandfather took her away and raised her among the Bruja in New Orleans, although her heart always longed to return to the gate … which felt so much like a part of her.Now, as an adult, Izzy has worked her way up to gatekeeper status and she’s back in the place her childhood ended. She’s the one in charge now … although things don’t go how she hoped. On her very first day, the gate is breached, and the wraith that crosses over is not only murderous but enhanced.Izzy wants to be in charge, but the local reaper council needs help so they send back-up in the form of a magical reaping family.The Grimlocks are loud, boisterous and used to a good fight. The men are also handsome, something Izzy doesn’t want to acknowledge, even when the flirting gets out of control. In addition to all that, they’re also protective, and whether Izzy wants it or not, they’re going to infringe on her territory if they think they can keep her safe.The past might be haunting Izzy, but she can’t look forward to the future until the danger is behind her. Those around her know more than they’re letting on, and the magic she’s been trying to hide is about to take over.The fight is on … and Izzy is loaded for bear.
Publisher ‏ : ‎ CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform (October 13, 2018)
-----------------------------------
book 8: Eye of the Hurricane
author: Robert J. Crane 
description: In the aftermath of the world-changing events of her last adventure, Sienna Nealon stands at a crossroads in her life, unsure of which direction to take.
Publisher ‏ : ‎ Independently published (February 21, 2022)
----------------------
book 9: Seeking the Light of Justice
author: Dr. Barry Nadel 
description: Prof. Yoshua Rosenberg, who has been studying the legends of the Light of Justice with his archaeologists for years, discovers the cover of General Aharon Dori's Hoshiyan Chronicles in the binding of a 500-year-old book and publishes it on the Internet.

The release of the cover, intercepted by Vatican security, unleashes the wrath of the Church and the Pope, who had an ancient order to destroy the Chronicles or anything related to its author, resulting in the outbreak of the Vatican's secret war against the Chronicles.

Clues lead the professor and his team to the study house where the chronicles in Spain were written, where he discovers a bomb planted by Basque separatists to destroy Spanish government offices.

During the excavation, they find a sealed room revealing the horrors of the Spanish Inquisition: forty-six Jewish bodies were left to suffocate.
Publisher ‏ : ‎ CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform; first edition (December 1, 2014)
-----------------------------
book10: Catapult
author: J. C. Benthin 
description:
Twenty-year-old Kingston Rais is desperate to impress his demanding dad. And the part-time security guard gets an opportunity when he single-handedly thwarts an explosives heist in the Port of Oakland. But though his father remains critical, Kingston’s stunt captivates a billionaire entrepreneur, who recruits him into a private black-ops unit.

Initially pleased to join such an elite force, he quickly discovers he must prove himself again. Forced to complete three high-octane challenges, his acceptance is delayed by tension and betrayal within the team. And when a terrorist attack interrupts an undercover mission, Kingston’s shot at redemption may cost him his life.

Can Kingston step up to the challenge, or will everyone perish in a hail of bullets?

Catapult is the first book in the bold Kingston Chronicles action-adventure series. If you like fast-paced suspense, driven underdogs, and international twists and turns, then you’ll love J.C. Benthin’s imaginatively rich tale.
Publisher ‏ : ‎ Independently published (April 24, 2019)


